cross over now to occupied East
Jerusalem and speak to alzer's Alan
fiser Alan so the Israelis finally
confirming the attack on the jabala
refugee
camp that's right they've issued a
statement in the the last hour or so
suggesting that they were targeting
Hamas Fighters they say that in the
operation they killed 50 Hamas Fighters
some of them senior commanders and they
also damaged what they describe as
significant ter IST targets above and
below ground they say the tunnels there
were being used to transport fighters to
the beach area and they were using that
to launch attacks on Israeli forces so
the Israelis are now talking about what
happened in jabalia but saying it was a
military operation targeting Hamas
Fighters and they killed 50 of them
including senior commanders Alan we're
getting reports that Hamas might be
considering releasing more
captives
what is interesting is that the uh
National Security adviser in Israel said
that there had been discussions with
various parties about possibly releasing
some of the captives in the coming days
and he said that Qatar had been
important in those negotiations but they
had realized that Hamas was not serious
about freeing anyone and then in the
last hour or so we've heard from alm's
Brigade which of course is the military
wing of Hamas that they actually do have
some intention of freeing people in the
coming
days we inform the mediators that we
will release a number of foreigners in
the coming days in line with our design
not to keep them in Gaza and the fact
that we don't need to keep them in our
custody of course over the last few days
there have been a number of reports that
captives were about to be released that
possibly they could uh have negotiated
their departure that it would be mainly
those with je nationality and none of
these releases have actually happened
there were discussions ongoing uh on
Sunday evening and apparently uh it came
close to an agreement but it fell apart
over details on both sides and diplomats
were hoping to restart their talks so if
there is a release it would appear that
those talks have at least restarted and
are moving in a direction which could
mean the captives and there's more than
240 of them now being held in Gaza could
soon be freed Alan Fisher with the
latest there from occupied East
Jerusalem thank you for the update